General Manager of Shenglin Company
My little lover likes this villa
You can make an offer
Mr. Zhou's villa has been sold
You can go and see other villas for sale. It won't be these two poor pussies
This lady
Please apologize immediately
Fuck you little manager
What are you doing, let me apologize to you
I don't care who you are
I have to apologize to these two today
Xiaoyu, I opened the president tonight
I told you to behave well
I hate Mr. Zhou
I only say sorry once
Otherwise the consequences will be serious
I won't apologize today
What do you three trash do to me
The big boss behind the Holy Spirit Group is 13 Niang, right?
Ah, a little knowledge
The boss behind the Holy Spirit Group is 13 Niang
Hello 13 Niang
I'm Zhang Cheng
You should take good care of your subordinates
Hello, I'm the chairperson of the Shenglin group company Wednesday
Who are you? I'm 13 Niang
Whoever you are
Apologize immediately
Otherwise you know the consequences. Hey
1313 Niang, if you can't make the charter forgive you
Just wait and get out
If it wasn't for you, stinky lady
Can I make such a big deal today?